= return_bang

home :: https://github.com/drbrain/return_bang
rdoc :: http://docs.seattlerb.org/return_bang
bugs :: https://github.com/drbrain/return_bang/issues

== Description

return_bang implements non-local exits from methods.  Use return_bang to exit
back to a processing loop from deeply nested code, or just to confound your
enemies *and* your friends!  What could possibly go wrong?

== Features

* Implements non-local exits for named and stack-based exit points
* Uses continuations
* Ignores pesky ensure blocks

== Testimonials

"you'll wind up with your cock in /dev/null somehow"

"Haha! Right! This skips ensure… SO EVIL‼‼"

"This is so evil that 6 def test_… have turned into: 16 tests, 65 assertions,
18 failures, 7 errors"

== Synopsis

  require 'return_bang/kernel'

  def some_method
    deeply_nested
    # never reached
  end

  def deeply_nested
    return!
  end

  return_here do
    some_method
  end
  # resumes here

== Install

  sudo gem install return_bang

== Developers

After checking out the source, run:

  $ rake newb

This task will install any missing dependencies, run the tests/specs,
and generate the RDoc.

== License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) Eric Hodel

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

